Stub components updates for Vue 3 (#187)
lmiller1990/vue-testing-handbook: src/v3/stubbing-components.md

## Write a test using `mount`

> Let's start off by writing a test to verify that `<ComponentWithAsyncCall>` is rendered. Pay attention to the fact that `findComponent` is used and not 'find`. This is a new change in vue-test-utils for Vue 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's start off by writing a test to verify that `<ComponentWithAsyncCall>` is rendered. Note  that `findComponent` is used. `find` is used for querying DOM elements, and uses the `querySelector` syntax. `findComponent` is used when looking for a specific component, a takes a component as the argument.
```

```js
it('renders with mount and does initialize API call', () => {
  const wrapper = mount(ParentWithAPICallChild, {
    global: {
      stubs: {

>         ComponentWithAsyncCall: true,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ComponentWithAsyncCall: true
```
